1. When updating user type cannot be updated right away because of the smart contract interaction need to fix - events
2. Fix message service in saveFinaldecision - Editor service
3. Need to add to homepage success creating user and error
4. Need to integrate save final decition on front end in order for article to be uploaded to IPFS
5. Need to add user to backend when created in list of users
6. Need to make smart contract factory
7. Need to automate authtoritySMadress in Article.sol now it is hard coded
8. Article submitted successfully = change to show after authority update
9. Prevent submitting review if already submitted for particular user
10. When is not authority user does not update the user type and does not send error back (add error handling)

Issues:

1. If users are stored only on blockchain and all the time fetched from there can be really slow. For one user added it increase the loading time for 1 second...

Next steps and decision:
1. Should i use the temp google cloud for storing or only smart contracts with vote function
	- There will be one smart contract for Articles Authority which will keep all articles
	and for each article will be separate smart contract published with all metadata and 
	statuse. 
	- The article smart contract will contain the vote function and similar functions for making
	decisions about the article. Reviews can be saved as well as json similiar as userDID smart contracts
	- potential issue: slower for fetching articles because of the blockchain
	- idea: can use both, smart contracts and google cloud as cache for the articles. However every article will be stored on blockchain and
	will provide integrity 


Discussions:

1. In smart contract Article.sol -> In the make decision function now is defined to get accepted if 3 votes required and it is over 50%. If this required votes is change
to 4 it will be a problem since can be equal number of rejects and accepts... need to be properly defined

Ideas:

1. Use smart contracts for all data. Load the data in backend on initialization. Than load new articles and changes as they come
